[doc] Corrected misleading Java compatibility (#16042)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/dd_libraries/java.md

---
## Compatibility requirements

> The latest Java Tracer supports all JVMs version 8 and higher. For JVM versions below 8, please see [Supported JVM runtimes][10].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest Java Tracer supports all JVMs version 8 and higher. For additional information about JVM versions below 8, read [Supported JVM runtimes][10].
```

[7]: https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/technotes/tools/solaris/java.html
[8]: https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/lang/instrument/package-summary.html
[9]: /tracing/trace_collection/library_config/java/

> [10]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/trace_collection/compatibility/java/#supported-jvm-runtimes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[10]: /tracing/trace_collection/compatibility/java/#supported-jvm-runtimes
```
